profile/README.md, before:

## Welcome to the UCSB Research Data Services GitHub organization 👋

We use our GitHub organization to host repositories containing workshop materials on the above topics. Please feel free to look around and let us know if you have any questions or would like to collaborate on specific topics!!

_[Research Data Services (RDS)](https://www.library.ucsb.edu/research-data-services)_ helps UC Santa Barbara researchers manage and preserve their research data through consultations, long-term engagements, and instructional workshops.  Our team offers support across the research data lifecycle, from pre-project planning to post-project archival, connecting researchers with both locally and externally provided curation services. 
Our goal is to ensure that all research data is well-described, FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, Reusable), and sustainably preservable, and that researchers receive scholarly credit for sharing and publishing data.

We offer the following services:
- Data management planning during the preparation of your future project, including helping with proposal data management plans.
- Day-to-day data management best practices
- Data preservation for publication and beyond
- Advise on how to make your lab more reproducible and collaborative


### Selected workshops 

- Gentle introduction to **APIs**: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/intro2APIs/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/intro2APIs)
- Introduction to **Databases** in R: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/intro-database-r/hands-on.html), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/intro-database-r)
- Project **Data Management**: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/project-data-management/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/project-data-management)
- **GitHub** for everyone: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/github-4everyone/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/github-4everyone)
- Handling and Sharing **Qualitative data**: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/qualdata-training/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/qualdata-training)
- **Quarto** Showcase: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/ucldw25-quarto-showcase/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/ucldw25-quarto-showcase)
- Tidying Messy Spreadsheets with **OpenRefine**: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/openrefine/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/openrefine)


### Selected unit courses

- Master in Environmental Data Science (MEDS)
   - Databases and data management: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/bren-eds213/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/bren-eds213)
   - Reproducible workflows: [website](https://eds-214.github.io/EDS-214-analytical-workflows/), [repo](https://github.com/eds-214)
 

### Contact info

Any questions? Want to know more about our current activities? 

We can be reached at: rds@library.ucsb.edu

_Greg, Jade, Jairo, Julien, and Renata_

<br>

<div style="text-align: center;">
<img src="UC_Santa_Barbara_Wordmark_Navy_RGB.png" alt="UCSB Logo" width="50%">
</div>

Commit message:

Added Repro Pub Quarto workshop to the list

profile/README.md, after:

## Welcome to the UCSB Research Data Services GitHub organization 👋

We use our GitHub organization to host repositories containing workshop materials on the above topics. Please feel free to look around and let us know if you have any questions or would like to collaborate on specific topics!!

_[Research Data Services (RDS)](https://www.library.ucsb.edu/research-data-services)_ helps UC Santa Barbara researchers manage and preserve their research data through consultations, long-term engagements, and instructional workshops.  Our team offers support across the research data lifecycle, from pre-project planning to post-project archival, connecting researchers with both locally and externally provided curation services. 
Our goal is to ensure that all research data is well-described, FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, Reusable), and sustainably preservable, and that researchers receive scholarly credit for sharing and publishing data.

We offer the following services:
- Data management planning during the preparation of your future project, including helping with proposal data management plans.
- Day-to-day data management best practices
- Data preservation for publication and beyond
- Advise on how to make your lab more reproducible and collaborative


### Selected workshops 

- Gentle introduction to **APIs**: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/intro2APIs/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/intro2APIs)
- Introduction to **Databases** in R: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/intro-database-r/hands-on.html), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/intro-database-r)
- Project **Data Management**: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/project-data-management/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/project-data-management)
- **GitHub** for everyone: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/github-4everyone/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/github-4everyone)
- Handling and Sharing **Qualitative data**: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/qualdata-training/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/qualdata-training)
- **Quarto** Showcase: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/ucldw25-quarto-showcase/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/ucldw25-quarto-showcase)
- Introduction to **Reproducible Publications with Quarto** (Lesson Part of The Carpentries Incubator/Welcoming Contributions!), [website](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/reproducible-publications-quarto), [repo](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/reproducible-publications-quarto)
- Tidying Messy Spreadsheets with **OpenRefine**: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/openrefine/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/openrefine)


### Selected unit courses

- Master in Environmental Data Science (MEDS)
   - Databases and data management: [website](https://ucsb-library-research-data-services.github.io/bren-eds213/), [repo](https://github.com/UCSB-Library-Research-Data-Services/bren-eds213)
   - Reproducible workflows: [website](https://eds-214.github.io/EDS-214-analytical-workflows/), [repo](https://github.com/eds-214)
 

### Contact info

Any questions? Want to know more about our current activities? 

We can be reached at: rds@library.ucsb.edu

_Greg, Jade, Jairo, Julien, and Renata_

<br>

<div style="text-align: center;">
<img src="UC_Santa_Barbara_Wordmark_Navy_RGB.png" alt="UCSB Logo" width="50%">
</div>
